you build a ladder climb across the wall
the job is done
why build the ladder if you never
experienced the trampoline
[Music]
is the hijab 10 discount code for 10
discount on a wide range of products
including
premium ethiopian black seed products
how are you guys doing you might recall
that some time ago i did a review
on some of the conversations that were
taking place on logan paul's podcast and
in the podcast he he was talking about
god and purpose of life and the creator
and the higher power and some really
important and powerful points
that logan paul made and in that
discussion i
i kind of extrapolated some of his
points and compared them with the
islamic
positions to my surprise i found that
there was lots more similarities than i
would have expected what's interesting
now is that he has had
a person called sadguru who is probably
the most famous and popular
guru hindu guru on the internet
he's had him on the podcast and there
was an interesting discussion that they
had
um whereby really sad guru was talking
about some epistemological points
talking about what constitutes the self
um
there were a panel of individuals that
were asking him questions
um and then you know he would answer in
his kind of
pseudo-philosophical way and try and uh
you know
propose something about something which
is not too dogmatic
clearly he was trying to avoid dogma and
clearly he was trying to avoid
the kind of normal discourses that you
would find maybe an abrahamic tradition
something which was conspicuously absent
from that discussion though
quite frankly was anything solid at all
so i'm at the walmart counter and
they asked me for 62 and i say but i
have found out the fundamental
principles of life and i have a life
force that exists
be in between my hands when i rub them
together
what i'm getting at is how do you how do
you enthrall
and ignite the masses to take part in
this conversation about what life means
you build a ladder climb across the wall
the job is done
made there be no wall what if i told you
that acid knocked that wall down
into a pile of rubble that you never had
to climb a ladder over
ever again uh that's not true
um my question is why why build the
ladder
if you never experienced the trampoline
for fun
that's what i said you would make it
happen here
getting high off life look i understand
i understand i'm just saying like
i'm also a fellow curious person and i
had the
thought process that i cannot die on
this planet
not knowing what a psychedelic
does to my brain i i i've refused that's
something i i wanted to try
with all due respect i mean uh you know
this person's
my senior knowledge and age and
experience
sadhguru but i have to say that
having left kind of from that
i don't think anyone would take anything
solid away from this discussion
and i think this is the pivotal point of
difference between
the abrahamic experience if you want to
call it the islamic experience
and the rest of these kinds of
ideologies or religions which don't have
or have a
plethora of ways of being interpreted
the point is
you know islam has it proposes a way to
prove itself
to people islam has solid arguments
which claims islam has solid arguments
which show which demonstrably show that
it is a religion from god islam
is about one higher power the creator
god
creating all the worlds and i want to
share with you one
or two verses from the quran which kind
of spring to mind here
which i find really beautiful but also
touch the practical
and applicable elements of the religion
of islam
the quran has a very kind of beautiful
way of summarizing something he says in
chapter 28 verse 49 50 it says
say bring forth a book which is
more in guidance than the quran and the
torah
i will follow it if you are truthful
and if they don't reply to this then
realize
that they are just following their
desires
and who is more led astray listen to
this very carefully it's very important
who is more lead astray than the one who
follows his desires
in opposition to following the guidance
from allah
from god the creator god
and this i want you to think about
the quran is a book of guidance it's not
just a book of guidance
in abstraction in theory but it's a
practical book of guidance
islam offers guidance
from the belief system and also from the
applicable what you call jewish
prudential system as well
so you'll find that there is nothing
left out
in terms of how to live your life god
didn't just create us
aimless or purposeless
does the human being really think that
he'd be left created aimless
no the islamic position is that god
created the human being
and when god created the human being he
endowed him
with purpose etilios and
he gave him guidance through the
intermediaries of messengers and
prophets
which come and take the form of through
the intermediaries of messengers which
took the form of prophets that came
a fourth time and there was a series of
books
a series of religious traditions that
were sent down
a full time and these dispensations
these previous dispensations
were intended to act like a manual if
you like a guidebook for humanity
and the final one is the quran which as
i've said in the beginning
is something which claims to be from god
and i believe we have solid evidence
that
is from god which is why i believe a
podcast with logan paul
which at one point i believe he was
interested in having
would be the greatest opportunity to
really explore
why we believe as muslims that islam not
only is true
but is totally practical for your life
and gives you
all solutions for everything you need in
your life
this is something which i believe is
exclusive
and unique to the islamic tradition and
this is something i believe
which anybody who embraces and takes on
will have
a transformative effect on their life
you